# workshop.intune

## Azure Active Directory

### Device Identities
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/devices/overview

### Automatic MDM Enrollment
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/client-management/mdm/azure-ad-and-microsoft-intune-automatic-mdm-enrollment-in-the-new-portal

## Intune

### Enrollment Options
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/mem/intune/enrollment/

### Configuration Profiles
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/mem/intune/configuration/device-profiles

### Compliance Policies
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/mem/intune/protect/device-compliance-get-started

### App Protection Policies
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/mem/intune/apps/app-protection-policy

### Application Deployment
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/mem/intune/apps/apps-add

### Windows Update for Business
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/mem/intune/protect/windows-update-for-business-configure

### Scripts
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/mem/intune/apps/intune-management-extension

### Retire and Wipe Devices
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/mem/intune/remote-actions/devices-wipe

### Windows Autopilot
https://docs.microsoft.com/de-de/mem/autopilot/enrollment-autopilot

## Additional Links

### DSREGCMD Microsoft Documentation
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/devices/troubleshoot-device-dsregcmd#ngc-prerequisite-check

### MDM Migration Analysis Tool
https://github.com/WindowsDeviceManagement/MMAT

### Configure MDM Policy via PowerShell
https://gist.github.com/techdecline/24570399dc89db6c854a3dcaa5a613f7

### Why you don't use IE as default browser
https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/windows-it-pro-blog/the-perils-of-using-internet-explorer-as-your-default-browser/ba-p/331732

### Michael Niehaus Blog (Autopilot)
https://oofhours.com/

### Android Work Profiles
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/mem/intune/enrollment/android-enroll

### Conditional Access Policies with PowerShell
https://azurescene.com/2019/11/25/conditional-access-best-practices-powershell/

### PowerShell App Deployment Toolkit
https://psappdeploytoolkit.com/

### Patch My PC
https://patchmypc.com/

### DeploymentResearch Blog
https://deploymentresearch.com/

### Intune Scripts Troubleshooting
https://pariswells.com/blog/intune/how-to-diagnose-issues-with-powershell-scripts-running-in-intune

### Intune App Installation Troubleshooting
https://ccmexec.com/2019/08/troubleshooting-intune-win32app-deployments/